Added release notes for 3.64 (#35426)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/364-release-notes.adoc

[id="364-release-notes"]
= Red Hat Advanced Cluster Security for Kubernetes 3.64
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: 364-release-notes

toc::[]

{product-title} 3.64 includes feature enhancements, bug fixes, scale improvements, and other changes.

//To upgrade to this release from a previous version, see the link:/docs/upgrade-stackrox/[Upgrade]section.

*Release date:* August 11, 2021

[id="new-features"]
== New features

> * *ROX-7230*: You can now use deployment and namespace annotations to define where {product-title} sends the violation notifications when configuring your notifiers such as Slack, Microsoft Teams, Email, and others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *ROX-7230*: You can now use deployment and namespace annotations to define where {product-title} sends violation notifications when configuring your notifiers. Notifications can be sent to Slack, Microsoft Teams, Email, and others.
```
(I think that's what the list of communications options is included for, lmk if that's incorrect)

> * *ROX-7534*: With {product-title} Operator, you can now configure the enforcement behavior of the admission controller as part of the custom resource setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *ROX-7534*: With the {product-title} Operator, you can now configure the enforcement behavior of the admission controller as part of the custom resource setting.
```

* *ROX-7561*: {product-title} now supports kernel modules for Ubuntu 16.04 LTS with extended security maintenance (ESM).

[id="important-bug-fixes"]
== Important bug fixes

> * *ROX-6326*: Previously, users with a considerably large number of namespaces would receive the `sporadic 504` gateway errors when sending requests to the `/v1/namespaces/` endpoint. {product-title} includes the updated endpoint, which supports pagination to fix this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *ROX-6326*: Previously, users with a large number of namespaces would receive `sporadic 504` gateway errors when sending requests to the `/v1/namespaces/` endpoint. {product-title} includes the updated endpoint, which supports pagination to fix this issue.
```

[id="important-system-changes"]
== Important system changes

> * *ROX-6258*: {product-title} now pre-fixes the optional security context constraint name with `stackrox` to avoid global naming conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *ROX-6258*: {product-title} now prefixes the optional security context constraint name with `stackrox` to avoid global naming conflicts.
```

* *ROX-7318*: Previously, violations for `port forwards` and `exec` events did not contain information about the user who performed the action that generated the events. The violations now include the user context.
* *ROX-7449*: Cluster init bundles contain the secrets required for internal {product-title} services to communicate with each other. You can delete these to rotate secrets, which have previously sometimes caused outages.

> {product-title} now includes the updated deletion workflow that gives a warning about the possible impact of deletion on the environment.

Author: I thought we had one sentence per line rule or best practice, don't know.

> * *ROX-7684*: The OpenShift compliance Operator uses RPM only for querying, and it does not install any packages. {product-title} includes a policy exception for this pod by default to reduce the violations count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *ROX-7684*: The OpenShift Compliance Operator uses RPM only for querying, and it does not install any packages. {product-title} includes a policy exception for this pod by default to reduce the violations count.
```
